---
title: "Pilot!"
date: 2023-09-01
---

Once upon a time, there lived a weary Code Witch called Hazel, who was trapped in the Castle of Code - a digital castle fabricated entirely from code. She, along with many other Code Witches, had been working for over 150 years on this project and the castle was the most elaborate, most beautiful, and most outstanding of them all in the kingdom.

Her boss was an evil wizard called Silo who micromanaged her every move and berated her constantly for not doing things right. If she forgot to add a symbol at the end of a line of code and it didn't compile, or she caused one of the castle walls to disappear, he would cast a spell upon her which lowered her self-esteem. This way, he would keep her compliant. No wonder there were mistakes in the code - he forced her to write in a plain text editor called Notepad++, which meant she had to remember every single syntactical aspect of the language she was coding in. She had heard about a modern magical tool called an IDE, which could autocomplete code functions, create variable names and autocorrect mistakes, without the need for constantly having to reference The Big Book of Code. She longed to use this tool, but Wizard Silo refused to listen, calling her lazy.

She was desperate to escape her miserable life, but did not know how. She worked long and lonely days in the Code Corner of the castle, her soul heavy. She knew she had to escape.

One day, she'd simply had enough. It wasn't just her suffering - it was all the other Code Witches as well. Her sharp mind started analyzing every line and method call in the castle. She inspected all the walls, all the nooks and crannies, every if-statement that held the castle together. And then she discovered the Attic.

The Attic was a locked piece of code that she'd never seen before. It required a password to unlock it. Hazel knew very well that she had almost no chance of guessing it, as she herself was highly skilled in the making of complex passwords. She sat and thought. The longer she stared at the blinking cursor, the clearer things became in her mind - of course! She could write a spell that would unlock the code for her! She just needed to figure out the best algorithm to break the password.

So, over many sleepless nights, she sat up and wrote a code spell that would open the Attic. Slowly, slowly, things began to come together, and finally she was at a point where she was ready to deploy it.

Back to the Attic she went. The cursor blinked at her tauntingly. Not anymore, she thought. Then, with all her might, she cast the code spell that she had conjured up, chanting hundreds of lines of code that she had memorized. With a tremendous flash, a serene apparition appeared before her. It was called the Sentinel of Self-Help, and it had things to teach her. It taught her about mindfulness and breathing techniques, of the importance of taking breaks and of grounding herself in the present moment.

As Hazel began to implement these lessons, she immediately felt her spirit rejuvenate. She was not a failed with, as Wizard Silo had made her believe! She still had wonderful code to offer the castle, and now she could do it regardless of any nastiness he bestowed upon her. She returned to the Code Corner, not as a weary code witch, but as a mindful sorceress of software. She approached challenges with a newfound calmness, and as she weaved lines of code, she remembered the Sentinel of Self-Help's lessons.

In the Castle of Code, Hazel's transformation inspired others. The tale of her quest to the Attic became a legend, reminding all the Code Witches that mental wellness is the foundation of true brilliance. And so, as the Castle of Code continued to evolve, the legacy of Hazel lived on, a reminder that even in the realm of codes and algorithms, one must nourish the magic within.
